hello everyone drank my makeup today i
I will tell you very interesting
tricks and different tricks to
ideal to apply rouge to begin with
let's talk about what is applied
rouge
I personally think the majority
professionals and for gestures
holds the same opinion as the Armenians
and should refresh your face not coloring
does not select not so much shape the form
Tomsk and cheeks namely, let's face
fresh healthy look and when we put
tonal tool all face is obtained
one tone and sometimes it looks pale
that is, it is a few days
naturally organism and add in life
to face
so many are asking where do
need to apply blush
as you know it used to exist
opinion that you need to smile and put
the novel is apples cheeks but how do we all
told ingenious and very attentive
and makeup artist my nose british channel 8
dig it getting very low that is
we make sad so it turns out that
The blush we rush on is practically
the level of the tip of the nose may otherwise it
quite low and natural ruble here
never at all usually he was
much higher and so is my personal advice
exactly to the level
dimples apply correction tool then
there is darker powder darker
she's a foundation or some
sculptor and already up on the penumbra
the protruding part of this one
volume apply blush that is here
consider our skoda the most bulging
part we slightly paint over our on
ruddy and another amazing moment i
noticed shocking for many years what
problems with applying blush udan in general
there was no but for some reason the last few
years regularly
many have a problem like that
that blush news is stained and I'll tell you
why is it because fashion came in here
such here bibi cream and that is loose
means toning wetter doctrine
European production
not to be confused with Asian and such
stretches to the match before that means
which is like a moisturizer
mixed with tonal cream they have very
little pigment and due to this they are easy
apply
so that they will not be for the guys that is
take the funds and distribute applied
they are usually with their hands and here in this
position looks like everyone
perfect and stripes kind will be the most
tonal tool
and most girls are such flowers
Russian bibi cream was encouraged and applied
just fingers and what we get
when dry
tonal tool turns out that the Armenian
emphasize if there were irregularities somewhere
you are now on hand
on
after this bibi cream and not very
clearly not very smooth to me very homogeneous
with such specks
irregularities
It turned out to cause blush although the problem
not exactly tassels tassels bad but
statistics, our girls spend less
time to apply bibi cream about what
applying the usual base just because
that some flaws are not so noticeable
so girls often we are just bad at
that sho you do not really distribute on the skin
pay attention to this and the second point
many girls do not fix their
cream liquid such tonal tool
powder what happens if not very
flat surface
powder it will become a little more
smooth and then on top of not sticky
non sticky surface these blush will
put and much better therefore
try either to powder the skin
very lightly at least some kind of brush
for powder and then apply blush
brushes should be softer than
so much the better because when they won't
move your
tonal foundation and powder which
laid down and we are very good and without
five applied here such here a double brush
with double bristles in such a case
it turns out its weightless and third type
tassels
again regardless of brand this
synthetic kabuki from micro
enzyme
windows or any strong and technics or
season
if and with mineral makeup that we
do with such brushes so that well
Ideally I stubble it in this case,
you need very few Armenians and be photoshop
This is how it turns out very
natural effect and not stained now
you will have to inflict more but will
it was exactly in that direction that he was moving
such
either here is such a brush is obtained
very very very good even
the results so the moment I
for pocket more recommend or yours
a movie or such synthetic kabuki
again regardless of the form you
serve
and beveled round and flat if
all the same you are not very my advice or
forgot about them and managed
cause uneven spots and then your
don't be upset
here I have another link trick
I will leave him down below and with the help of it
already spoiled applying native can
shoot perfect with some kind of here
such a synthetic brush
thank you all so much for watching everyone
until